Add GMT applications 2023 news post (#8646)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-01-19-gmt-apps-are-now-open.md

---
layout: post

> title: Global Moderation Team applications are now open!

Reviewer: Note that if you apply the title change you must change the file name to match

date: 2023-01-19 12:00:00 +0000
---

Been an active community member for a while? Felt an inner urge to chase after some osu! troublemakers? Now it's your time to shine! The Global Moderation Team is seeking new members.

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/gmt-generic.jpg)

> It's been over 2 years since the [last GMT application cycle](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-10-04-global-moderation-team-applications-open), and while some things changed around, one thing remains the same - we may be looking for you!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's been over 2 years since the [last GMT application cycle](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-10-04-global-moderation-team-applications-open), and while some things changed around, one thing remains the same — we may be looking for you!
```

> The [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) is reponsible for keeping the community in a good condition, with a place for every single being. The GMT is covering a handful of niches, most notable ones being in-game chat and forum moderation, let's not ignore the other parts though. The greennamed peers are also there to help moderate osu! subcommunities, such as beatmapping one. The members of the team will also give you assistance with some of your technical issues. The inherent goal for us is to reach closer and closer to the living community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) is responsible for keeping the community in a good condition, with a place for every single being. The GMT is covering a handful of niches, most notable ones being in-game chat and forum moderation, let's not ignore the other parts though. The greennamed peers are also there to help moderate osu! sub communities, such as beatmapping one. The members of the team will also give you assistance with some of your technical issues. The inherent goal for us is to reach closer and closer to the living community.
```

> The [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) is reponsible for keeping the community in a good condition, with a place for every single being. The GMT is covering a handful of niches, most notable ones being in-game chat and forum moderation, let's not ignore the other parts though. The greennamed peers are also there to help moderate osu! subcommunities, such as beatmapping one. The members of the team will also give you assistance with some of your technical issues. The inherent goal for us is to reach closer and closer to the living community.

Reviewer 3: - "as well"
- "subcommunity" [is a word](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/subcommunity)

> The [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) is responsible for keeping the community in a good condition, with a place for every single being. The GMT is covering a handful of niches, most notable ones being in-game chat and forum moderation, let's not ignore the other parts though. The greennamed peers are also there to help moderate osu! sub communities, such as beatmapping one. The members of the team will also give you assistance with some of your technical issues. The inherent goal for us is to reach closer and closer to the living community.

Reviewer 3: not entirely sure if this is what you meant by "beatmapping" as a "subcommunity"

```suggestion
The [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) is responsible for keeping the community in a good condition, keeping it a welcoming place for everyone. Our green-coloured peers of the GMT help moderate the in-game chat, forums, as well as beatmap discussions. The members of the team can also give you assistance with some of your technical issues. The inherent goal for is to reach closer and closer to the living community.
```

Author: i wanted to emphasize the community aspect strongly here, mapping/modding moderation are not explicitly beatmap discussions moderators, they are also responsible for giving feedback in mapping related stuffs, participating in nat discussions etc.

Reviewer 3: so something like this?

```suggestion
The [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) is responsible for keeping the community in a good condition, keeping it a welcoming place for everyone. Our green-coloured peers of the GMT not only help moderate the in-game chat and forums, but also engage with the mapping community among others. The members of the team can also give you assistance with some of your technical issues. The inherent goal for is to reach closer and closer to the living community.
```

Author: oh yeah that's perfect

That being said, this time we will look not only for chat or forum moderators. If you feel you're a prominent figure in the osu! community and would like to help us with the community moderation side of things, be sure to shoot us an application as well!

> While ususally we seek new members in a [process of recomendations and nominations](/wiki/People/The_Team/Global_Moderation_Team#becoming-a-moderator), we're also opening apps from time to time to look for fresh blood we might be not noticing - not everyone is so outspoken and perceptible at the end of the day! While we will still continue using the our classic methods, we believe that such diversification of lookup methods is vastly valueable to the team's health.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While usually we seek new members in a [process of recommendations and nominations](/wiki/People/The_Team/Global_Moderation_Team#becoming-a-moderator), we're also opening apps from time to time to look for fresh blood we might be not noticing — not everyone is so outspoken and perceptible at the end of the day! While we will still continue using the our classic methods, we believe that such diversification of lookup methods is vastly valuable to the team's health.
```

> While usually we seek new members in a [process of recommendations and nominations](/wiki/People/The_Team/Global_Moderation_Team#becoming-a-moderator), we're also opening apps from time to time to look for fresh blood we might be not noticing — not everyone is so outspoken and perceptible at the end of the day! While we will still continue using the our classic methods, we believe that such diversification of lookup methods is vastly valuable to the team's health.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While usually we seek new members in a [process of recommendations and nominations](/wiki/People/The_Team/Global_Moderation_Team#becoming-a-moderator), we're also opening applications like this one from time to time to look for fresh blood we might not be otherwise noticing — not everyone is so outspoken and perceptible at the end of the day! While we will still continue using the our classic methods, we believe that this diversification of lookup methods is vastly valuable to the team's health.
```

Before applying, though, be sure to take a look of a list of factors regarding your application below:

- **You must be at least 18 years old. This is NOT negotiable.** The GMT role means that you will have to deal with content of inappropriate nature that's not suitable for all ages.

> - **Your account must be at least one year old.** This is to ensure you are somewhat familliar with the osu! community at very least.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Your account must be at least one year old.** This is to ensure you are somewhat familiar with the osu! community at very least.
```

> - You must be active within osu! community. While we will not stick to chat or forums metrics explcitly (at least when it's not your everyday area of focus), we expect you to be active and engaged in certain communities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You must be active within osu! community. While we will not stick to chat or forums metrics explicitly (at least when it's not your everyday area of focus), we expect you to be active and engaged in certain communities.
```

> - You must be active within osu! community. While we will not stick to chat or forums metrics explicitly (at least when it's not your everyday area of focus), we expect you to be active and engaged in certain communities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You must be active within the osu! community. While we will not stick to chat or forum activity metrics explicitly (at least when it's not your everyday area of focus), we expect you to be active and engaged in certain communities.
```
